Best travel guide and trip planner app and the easiest way to discover the world and plan your next trip!

Safarway is the first and largest Arab travel guide in the world and the best trip planner application ever. It is considered to be the best travel guide for Arab tourists, as it provides comprehensive information about tourist destinations and the best tourist attractions to visit around the world, in addition to useful travel tips, such as the best time to travel to all tourist destinations around the world.

Safarway provides Arab travelers with an ideal tool to plan a tourist trip and build the perfect travel itinerary that includes the best tourist places in the world from A to Z. The application also includes a travel social network to connect with all travel enthusiasts from the Arab world, in addition to dozens of other features that make it the best travel application with no doubt!

Why Choose Safarway App?

● Social Network
Share your trips and travel experiences, earn points and win valuable prizes!
Safarway is the first Arabic travel application that includes a social network dedicated to travel, where you can share your interesting trips, post photos and videos to help other travelers, get points and exchange them for valuable prizes!

● Information about tourist destinations
The application includes a special section with information about tourist destinations around the world and provides you with information about the best months to visit, the currency used, local time, and daily temperatures, in addition to the cost of living and the best accommodation options.

● Information about the best tourist attractions in the world
The application includes a special section with information about all tourist attractions around the world, and provides all necessary information about different tourist attractions, malls, museums, amusement parks, etc., in addition to local, international and halal restaurants.

● Maps
The Maps feature allows you to explore and search for top attractions around you on the map wherever you are, see how far they are from you and how to reach them.

● Things to do
Through this feature, you can view a list of the best things to do and places to visit in any destination you choose, sorted by most popular and recommended.

● Top recommended restaurants
Through this feature, you can view a list of the best restaurants in any destination you choose, sorted by most popular and recommended, including the best halal restaurants.

● Bank of Points
Safarway gives you the chance to collect points through your interaction within the application. These points are recorded in the Bank of Points, where you can convert them into many prizes and valuable gifts.

● Reviews and Ratings
Through this feature, you can determine whether a place or a tourist attraction is worth a visit or not before heading to it by reading user reviews and ratings for the place, and you can also share your own review about the place to benefit other travelers.

● Hotel reservations service
Book your hotel at the lowest prices and earn lots of points!
Through the application, you can book a room at the best hotels and resorts around the world at economical prices when traveling to your favorite tourist destination.

● Wishlist
Through the Wishlist feature, you can save all the sights and attractions you like for future reference. Whenever you need these saved items, you can find them under your Wishlist on your account and add them to your trip itinerary when you plan your next trip. You can also view this list on the map to determine the distances and routes between each item.

● Travel Articles
Explore a wide range of travel articles that give you more information you need to know before traveling to destinations around the world, plus important travel tips from experienced travelers and travel experts.

Safarway - The world in the palm of your hand!